> my question is how the hell did you find the angle of the camera? iirc that doesn't change unless i've missed something.

1. The game has two camera modes: the cimenatic and the normal one. Even so, for some reason the game alternates between just as you play (not sure for what reason). BUT you can switch between camera modes (or more like "two separate cameras" from the vehicle, which I was able to find into a cheat table). Then I found a pointer toward the current camera
2. In the alternating mode, the camera keeps switching between different sub-modes, which if something I initially intended to attack. But changing submode directly crashes the game, so I ended up finding a timer that, upon reaching zero, changes sub-mode. In one of the submodes, your vehicle is viewed from the helicopter, which at the time I considered a semi-success and pretty much was ready to stop working
3. Then I found that it's dull of me NOT to have an ability to change the camera as a pedestrian, so I figured I do some more
4. At around that time, I ACCIDENTALLY found the player's XYZ's, their bytesize and arrangement (i.e. is Y or Z for height etc). So I figured how much, if ever, the height changes. By playing around with the cinematic camera I  found the Z of the cinematic camera (luckily) and straightafter I created a variable in my cheattable for "current camera pointer" + "offset to the Height within camera struct". BUT changing camera height isn't so easy, as once you change, it immediately fixes itself, so
5. Then for about 1-2 weeks I went on hunting down all the instructions changing the camera height and NOPping them. Now I realise this wasn't the most optimal approach, but what the hell
6. I was pretty happy at the time, but I them figured I needed to change the angle. So after trying out the capturing camera change on collision (which seemed like a good idea), I recalled that in the trailer to the game, they use cinematic camera, and I figured I may try to cause the specific cinematic camera mode, in which the angle changes, and then try to capture the angle change, which I had successfully done
7. Only then I realised that all of: camera pointer un-offset address, the camera's XYZ and angle are within the same struct (I know this sounds dumb, but at the time I didn't realise that the whole thing might be one struct), so I figured that instead of patching out all of the angle writes, I may re-address the angle variable to the other place. I tried the very last 4 bytes, which always seems to be zero (probably due to the way memory is allocated in-game), and it worked flawlessly ever since
8. Then I just had to tweak the camera height and angle and that's it! Initially I tweeaked it terribly, which I luckily was able to correct in my CWCheat conversion